This demo is to show the effectiveness of Auth-AIS in rejecting impersonation and replay attacks. This demo includes three entities: <\br>(i) a legitimate AIS transmitter, equipped with a key K0 provided by the Maritime Authority, (ii) a regular AIS receiver, that already collected the root key K0 of the transmitting vessel from the Maritime Authority, and (iii) an adversary, that would like to impersonate the legitimate AIS transmitter. The terminals of the legitimate AIS transmitter, the regular AIS receiver, and the adversary are located on the top-left, bottom, and top-right screen, respectively. We can also notice, in parallel, the physical deployment of our demo, consisting of three Ettus Research X310 Software-Defined Radios (SDRs). For ease of exposition, the demo assumes that the transmitter configured Auth-AIS with the Deterministic Security Configuration, and specifically, with the Security Level#1. First, the legitimate AIS transmitter emits two regular AIS broadcast messages and the related authentication materials of Auth-AIS. On the terminal on the bottom, we can see that the AIS receiver correctly authenticates these messages. Then, the adversary carries out a replay attack by replaying in broadcast the AIS messages previously generated by the legitimate transmitter. The demo shows that the AIS receiver detects the attack based on the mismatch between the time-slot where these messages have been received and the related authentication materials. Therefore, it rejects the messages. We believe that the combination of the discussion on the security properties provided by Auth-AIS and this demo contributes to demonstrating the capability of Auth-AIS to reject impersonation and replay attacks, so that to emerge as a viable solution against threats in the open sea.
